I hope everyone had fun
making your flagship maiden
voyage building web components.
I hope is great, I hope somebody has some,
if anyone has cool ones you
want to share in the chat.
But I can walk you through what I did,
because I used one I'd never used before.
So if that sounds good to y'all,
I'll just do that real quick and
kind of no we can talk people in
the room maybe here saw it but
I can talk about some of the challenges
I had figuring out what's going on.
But ,where's my awesome standalones,
right?
So, I went to my own repo and
I found an old pull request for
scroll shadow and that sounded cool.
So I clicked it.
And what scroll shadow is this
when you scroll up something and
you want to show a shadow, or
you scroll down, you want to show a shadow
on the button and be like, hey,
this one keeps going down below.
I think people use it a lot in
nav overflow patterns, hey,
there's something to the right here,
keep scrolling.
So it is a tool that
kind of adds that effect.
And there's a cool demo here, and
their demo is arguably better than mine.
But you can maybe see a little
shadow peeking through here.
Little shadow peeking through here.
And then when you scroll
a little shadow shows up here.
It's probably too subtle.
So I kind of made it a little bit bigger.
Yeah, look at that.
It'd be purple shadow down here.
Beautiful ambiance that I'm creating and
then it's up the top and
then it disappears at the bottom.
I'll tell you what, this is cool and
I'll maybe use it [LAUGH]
I don't want to code this.
To be frank,
I know it's probably maybe trivial, but
you have some resize observing,
you have some scroll
observing, you kind of fade in and
out that shadow.
I don't want to do that.
So I'm just probably going to use this if
I ever need that to create that effect
here in the future and
I'm actually like thinking about 10
places I could use it right now.
So looking at this,
I had to use the unpackage URL.
It was not working with the sky pack
thing trick I told you and that's,
okay, I think there was just
like a compilation error.
And I eventually check the console
to make sure I wasn't me but
it was the sky pack, was failing, so but
the unpackage seems to work just fine.
And then I have scroll shadow, and
then they were using kind of
a main element to do the sizing.
I had to figure that out,
kind of poach from the demo.
And then I added my own Bill Murray's.
And then in the CSS land, I added some
image max width and then the body,
that's just centering, I guess I could
probably just do like place items center.
But, yeah, so, and then it has a max
height on that it says height 100v.
So everything inside there
is not going to bleed out.
But then the demo is only 70vh.
So it's only 70% of the height.
And it's like 400 pics wide and
then this was kind of interesting.
So this was the scroll shadow.
I probably that's like the default sizing.
So changing that's not
going to do anything.
But what I get here is some of that
styling API we kind of hinted at.
And I can just change the CSS variables.
The size of it, I could change it to 200.
I think I changed it from
14 to whatever this is.
Is it going to rebuild for me?
I think it's probably way too huge now.
Yes, way humongous.
That's okay.
We like the ambiance.
But yeah, so,
you can change all the variables and
change the color from like
a black to more like purply vibe.
So, that was fun it was really,
I did it in less than ten minutes and
I got an effect that will last a lifetime
because am probably going to use this
over and over, and over, and now that I
know how to do it with zero lines of code.
So all right did anyone else do and
they want to share or?
>> I was pretty pleased it's
literally just an index.html but
as not a Microsoft fanboy.
I went to the Red Hat one and grabbed
the one of their little health indicators.
And I wasn't sure whether you could
just run like set attribute on one
of the various custom attributes.
But it turns out you can so
I just have a little health index and
I just set up an interval to rotate
between which one is highlighted and
you can do that, so
>> Cool so you're setting the value or
you're changing the graph or whatever.
>> Yeah.
>> Based on a set interval.
It was like two minutes of looking at
the library like pulling it down
from I think unpackaged they had.
>> Yeah.
>> Where you go.
>> Awesome pattern Fi is a really
pretty good little set of components.
So, it's enterprise
grade vibes [LAUGH] It's
good all of them are like enterprise
>> I
was going to point out one thing that
somebody had mentioned in the chat.
And it was actually an issue I ran into
with the previous exercise of building
just using a web component, right?
So when I first tried it,
I had the type equals module missing and
nothing was happening, and
I was just frustrated I was feeling like
I didn't actually know web development and
that's always true.
That's a standard, but
I'd forgotten this one attribute and
that sort of caused the JavaScript because
it's expecting a type equals module.
It's expecting that module behavior.
So, because the JavaScript exports
to module is expecting my script tag
to also have the type equals module.
Somebody else in the chat ran into
that problem and I think they said,
once they figured that out it worked like
a charm and that's what we like to hear,
web components work like a charm.